cloud data service: add API expiration instructions (#16337)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/use-chat2query-api.md

   - `Chat2Query SQL ReadOnly`: only allows the API key to generate SQL statements based on provided instructions and execute `SELECT` SQL statements.
   - `Chat2Query SQL ReadWrite`: allows the API key to generate SQL statements based on provided instructions and execute any SQL statements.
  

> 4. By default, API keys never expire. If you prefer to set an expiration time for the key, click **Expires in**, select a time unit (`Minutes`, `Days`, or `Months`), and then fill in a desired number for the time unit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. By default, an API key never expires. If you prefer to set an expiration time for the key, click **Expires in**, select a time unit (`Minutes`, `Days`, or `Months`), and then fill in a desired number for the time unit. 
```

> 4. You can also set an expiration time to the key. Click **Expires in**, and then you can set expiration time by select unit `Minutes/Days/Months` and fill in desired time. By selecting `Minutes`, you can fill in number from 1 to 525600; by selecting `Days`, you can fill in number from 1 to 365; by selecting `Months`, you can fill in number from 1 to 12.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. You can also set an expiration time for the key. Click **Expires in**, select a time unit (`Minutes`, `Days`, or `Months`), and then fill in a desired number for the time unit. 
```
